Adding the map is cumbersome if you are in a rush -- we need people to submit reports in parallel. 


updating categories is time consuming when multiple people are working on it -- need versioncontrol and "patrick is editing this" indicators. 


need a "brain" that remembers which sources and where

needa brain that has locations of airports, hospitals, schools, and other POI

use a delicious tag
that does not have periods

lots of data on maps that are not in KML. 

lack of awareness that you can submit links to ushahidi without being on the ground. 

lack of KML data generally. 

editin locations has too-eager validation. 
editing locations with manual lat long has a bug that puts it in the center of the map. 

standardize "incident" vs "report"

manning the other category. 

friends might be dead. 

icons should show in the default view. 

looking for the admin login button. (could be cookie based -- it logged me in automatically.)

needed to take a break and come back and work on my own time. 

needed to know the people that I was working with. 

Needed to feel totally supported by them. 

Needed to feel 

needed time to read articles

needed to be able to speak spanish

need those topo maps again dammit -- though I am realizing I will not have time to get them tonight ...

needed to understand that I would be doing this tomorrow and the next day. 

need a wiki and shared todo list

needed to vent that some of the reorting sucked. 

wanted to see how some of the reports changed over time. 

wanted a visualization of all of the reports coming our of a specific source. 


wish i could see screencaps of the videos. 

needed a realtime twitter geolocation search. 

needed a realtime search from news outlets in the region. 

there is a time that all you know is the internet, and your entire sense of self=satisfaction is drawn from the internet. 

ushahodi repeats entries if you reload the page. (i didn't mean to do it but I did twice in three hours.)

what is a form type? when creating a report. 

not sure if I should approve it? 

verify it??

how to judge the source reliability -- that's great I can just choose.wait -- Probability vs reliabillity ? the answers don't make sense to me.

if someone links a video, you have to watch the whole video. 

wish i had a way to scrup spammers on this youtube page. (any page)

youtube videos can be easily faked. (spliced in misinformation) ... if you put it toward the end it would be really undetectable by non-human aggregators. 

how do I moderate this? I have no idea who this person is. 


The "personal information" in the reporter form needs to be associated with a person's website (or ICCM ning page or Facebook or *something* that tells me who they are.)

most critically I need to understand who is speaking in the first person in the report. Is it the "personal section" information? 

the stats look weird with the full day scale. ping more often?

theme has no screenshot. 

what language do they speak

what are they major networks saying (nytimes) -- and what are they aggregating? 

http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com is the best source of news. 

@AnnCurry: State Department has a # for Americans seeking info about family in Haiti: 1-888-407-4747

@fredodupoux — writes that, despite what we heard via Haitian television earlier, “no phones are working,” at least where he is. He appeals to the local companies, “Digicel Voila ! restore phone service ASAP.”

Just came back from Caribbean Super Market. It looks like ground zero. people are trapped it’s dark we need light and cell phone service.

It’s really ugly, just like in a bad dream. people need help, get out and help!

partial list of Twitter users who say they are in Haiti compiled by the Los Angeles Times.


<insert many more tweets>

confirm radio is out
confirm phone is out
confirm power is out

NEED A TRANSLATOR!

incredible horrifying images

news feeds shouold be promoted to teh top, with messages. 

there is generally confusioon between SMS, reports, messages, incidents. 




